Update Readme.md for general release (#128)
PowerShell/Crescendo: README.md

- Example configurations for you to copy and reuse
- Experimental Help parsers that provide proof-of-concept examples for auto-generating cmdlet
  configurations

## Installing Crescendo

Requirements:

- **Microsoft.PowerShell.Crescendo** requires PowerShell 7.0 or higher

To install **Microsoft.PowerShell.Crescendo**:

```powershell
Install-Module -Name Microsoft.PowerShell.Crescendo
```

To install **Microsoft.PowerShell.Crescendo** using the new
[PowerShellGet.v3](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/PowerShellGet/3.0.12-beta)

```powershell
Install-PSResource -Name Microsoft.PowerShell.Crescendo
```

## Documentation and more information

To get started using Crescendo, check out the
[documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/utility-modules/crescendo/overview).

For a detailed walkthrough using Crescendo, see this excellent blog series from Sean Wheeler -
Thanks Sean!

- Crescendo on the [PowerShell Community Blog](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell-community/tag/crescendo/).

## Future plans

We value your ideas and feedback and hope you will give Crescendo a try and let us know of any
issues you find.

## Release history

> - 12/20 - [Crescendo.Preview.1](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/announcing-powershell-crescendo-preview-1/)
> - 5/21 - [Crescendo.Preview.2](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/announcing-powershell-crescendo-preview-2/)
> - 7/21 - [Crescendo.Preview.3](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/announcing-powershell-crescendo-preview-3/)
> - 10/21 - [Crescendo.Preview.4](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/announcing-powershell-crescendo-preview-4/)
> - 12/21 - [Crescendo.RC](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/announcing-powershell-crescendo-release-candidate-rc/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Release announcements on the [PowerShell Blog](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/tag/powershell-crescendo/).

- 12/20 - Crescendo.Preview.1
- 05/21 - Crescendo.Preview.2
- 07/21 - Crescendo.Preview.3
- 10/21 - Crescendo.Preview.4
- 12/21 - Crescendo.RC
```

Author: @sdwheeler - ;) You did it!  That really works for me!

- Privilege elevation mechanisms in **Windows**, **Linux**, and **macOS**
- Crescendo generates a PowerShell script module ready for deployment
- While Crescendo requires PowerShell 7 or higher for authoring configurations, the generated module
  can run on Windows PowerShell 5.1 and higher
- Example configurations for you to copy and reuse
- Experimental Help parsers that provide proof-of-concept examples for auto-generating cmdlet
  configurations

## Installing Crescendo

Requirements:

- **Microsoft.PowerShell.Crescendo** requires PowerShell 7.0 or higher

To install **Microsoft.PowerShell.Crescendo**:

```powershell
Install-Module -Name Microsoft.PowerShell.Crescendo
```

To install **Microsoft.PowerShell.Crescendo** using the new
[PowerShellGet.v3](https://www.powershellgallery.com/packages/PowerShellGet/3.0.12-beta)

```powershell
Install-PSResource -Name Microsoft.PowerShell.Crescendo
```

## Documentation and more information

To get started using Crescendo, check out the
[documentation](https://docs.microsoft.com/powershell/utility-modules/crescendo/overview).

For a detailed walkthrough using Crescendo, see this excellent blog series from Sean Wheeler -
Thanks Sean!

> - [PowerShell Community](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell-community/).
> - [My Crescendo journey](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell-community/my-crescendo-journey/)
> - [Converting string output to objects](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell-community/converting-string-output-to-objects/)
> - [A closer look at the parsing code of a Crescendo output handler](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell-community/a-closer-look-at-the-parsing-code-of-a-crescendo-output-handler/)- [A closer look at the Crescendo configuration](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell-community/a-closer-look-at-the-crescendo-configuration/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Crescendo on the [PowerShell Community Blog](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell-community/tag/crescendo/).
```

## Future plans

We value your ideas and feedback and hope you will give Crescendo a try and let us know of any
issues you find.

## Release history

- 12/20 - [Crescendo.Preview.1](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/announcing-powershell-crescendo-preview-1/)
- 5/21 - [Crescendo.Preview.2](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/announcing-powershell-crescendo-preview-2/)
- 7/21 - [Crescendo.Preview.3](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/announcing-powershell-crescendo-preview-3/)
- 10/21 - [Crescendo.Preview.4](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/announcing-powershell-crescendo-preview-4/)

> - 12/21 - [Crescendo.RC](https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/announcing-powershell-crescendo-release-candidate-rc/)

Reviewer: I think there is some value in show the release history as individual link with dates. But if you wanted to reduce this to one link you can use `https://devblogs.microsoft.com/powershell/tag/powershell-crescendo/`.

The benefit of that link, and the similar change I made for the Community blog, is that the link will include any future posts that are tagged for Crescendo. No need to update the Readme again.

Author: oh darn, now im torn
